~~~~~~~~~~~~
1. What is BOM?  Differences between BOM and DOM?
2. What is the event.preventDefault()?
3. Redesign the yesterday example (Math Operations) using single event handler with the help of event.target.

4 .  	Create a web page to display technology names in the table format (Refer the Image).
			a.  Each row should  four items
			b.  Next items should repeat in next row		
5.  Create a web page to perform validations using javascript forms.

		a.   Customer Name :    Required
		b.   Source Station   
		c.   Destination Station  :  Source station & destination should not be same
		d.   Contact Number  :  Required,  should have 10 digits
		e.    E-mail   :  Required
		
		(Hint :  Do not use HTML5 attributes )
			
6.   Find some details about the following methods:
			a. push()
			b. pop()
			c. splice()			
 
7. Update the previous example (Arrays_Dynamic.html)  to implement the following requirements:

	a. It does not allow to add duplicates. If you try to add it should show message. 
	b. Item should be in uppercase and push into array. 
	c. If the given item is not exists, you need to show the message while removing the item.


Ans1: The Browser Object Model (BOM) is used to interact with the browser.
The default object of browser is window means you can call all the functions of window by specifying window or directly. For example:
window.alert("hello javatpoint");  
is same as:
alert("hello javatpoint");  


Ans2: The preventDefault() method cancels the event if it is cancelable, meaning that the default action that belongs to the event will not occur.
For example, this can be useful when:
Clicking on a "Submit" button, prevent it from submitting a form
Clicking on a link, prevent the link from following the URL

Ans6: The push() method adds new items to the end of an array.
The push() method changes the length of the array.
The push() method returns the new length.
For Eg: const fruits = ["Banana", "Orange", "Apple", "Mango"];
fruits.push("Kiwi", "Lemon");

The pop() method removes (pops) the last element of an array.
The pop() method changes the original array.
The pop() method returns the removed element.

The splice() method adds and/or removes array elements.
The splice() method overwrites the original array.


